Cole o texto aqui embaixo:
"how to create a chatbot    a chatbot is simply an artificial intelligence (ai) able to simulate a conversation in a natural language using different platforms. how to create a chatbot? to create a chatbot, there are several steps that need to be followed. the first thing is to identify what type of chatbot you want to build and for what purpose. answers to this question will guide you through the whole process of creating the chatbot. next is choosing technology and either letting experts design it for you or choosing to design it yourself. different types of chatbots. chatbots are classified according to different parameters, namely intelligence, area for aplication, and platform. in terms of intelligence, there are two types of chatbots, smart or dumb, based on the scripts used to give responses. the two are identified as rule based and ai based bots. ai algorithms use machine learning to process inputs and give outputs. rule based bots allow users to pick answers themselves. area of application classifies chatbots into virtual sales representatives, custumer support and personal assistants. examples of these include apple siri and google meena. these chatbots feature voice control and develop as you use them. finally, chatbots can be distinguished based on the platform they are using, some platforms include the web, mobile apps, and messengers, among others. reason to create your own chatbot. recent happenings - include the pandemic - have shown the true uses of chatbots. they can easily replace help desks with no one around or during cloused hours. using chatbots can create an accessible and interactive brand. also, chatbots help brands mine user data by analaysing the inputs provided. these inputs can be used to optimize the online user experience and the chatbots responses. chatbots provide a streamlined way of managing internal workflows in the back-end. an example of this is jp morgan, which saved more than 360 hours reviewing loan contracts. however, for chatbots to be a successful solution, they should be able to effectively perform intended tasks. regardlees of the type, human intervention is crucial in the configuration and training of chatbot systems."
